c:\users\emeri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\emeri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\emeri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\emeri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\emeri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\emeri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\emeri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\Bin\Debug\Pano de config.dll
c:\users\emeri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\Bin\Debug\Pano de config.pdb
c:\users\emeri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\emeri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\emeri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\emeri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\Pano de config.g.resources
c:\users\emeri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\Pano_de_config.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\emeri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\Pano de config.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\emeri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\Pano de config.dll
c:\users\emeri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\Pano de config.pdb
c:\users\emeri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\emeri\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\emeri\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\Bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\emeri\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\Bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\emeri\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\Bin\Debug\Pano de config.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\emeri\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\Bin\Debug\Pano de config_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\emeri\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\emeri\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\emeri\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\emeri\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\emeri\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\emeri\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\emeri\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\emeri\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\emeri\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\emeri\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\emeri\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\emeri\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\emeri\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pano de config\Pano de config\obj\Debug\MDILProjectFiles.xml
